README.md, before:

Timberland
==================

Timberland is a custom made, bootstrap base theme. I am my no means a web designer, but I wanted a theme to help me get familiar with bootstrap and blog on a site with clean, minimalist lines.

![](screenshot.png)

The theme supports the following:

  * Articles and pages as a standard pelican theme
  * Disque comment integration
  * Twitter integration
  * Facebook integration (not fully tested)
  * Font-Awesome integration for customized icons for blog components and social networking icons
  * Integration of proxima-nova and museo-slab fonts (also used by Font-Awesome site), and more sane typography spacing for articles.

If you use the theme and would like to contribute or suggest improvements feel free. Also feel free to fork or copy it and create a new theme, its Apache licensed.

I will likely be frequently updating this in the near future, so any feedback or issue reporting is appreciated.

Social Icons
-------------

Currently only the social networking services shown in the screenshot are "colorized". If you need any others, please update timberland-icons.css and send a pull request.

Pelican Shovel
--------------

Like this theme? Also consider taking a look at my other pelican project, [pelican-shovel][dandesousa/pelican-shovel]. It helps you manage your pelican blog!

[dandesousa/pelican-shovel]: http://github.com/dandesousa/pelican-shovel
[screenshot]: https://github.com/dandesousa/pelican-timberland/blob/master/screenshot.png

Commit message:

Adds google site search support for websites. fixes #3

README.md, after:

Timberland
==================

Timberland is a custom made, bootstrap base theme. I am my no means a web designer, but I wanted a theme to help me get familiar with bootstrap and blog on a site with clean, minimalist lines.

![](screenshot.png)

The theme supports the following:

  * Articles and pages as a standard pelican theme
  * Disque comment integration
  * Twitter integration
  * Facebook integration (not fully tested)
  * Font-Awesome integration for customized icons for blog components and social networking icons
  * Integration of proxima-nova and museo-slab fonts (also used by Font-Awesome site), and more sane typography spacing for articles.

If you use the theme and would like to contribute or suggest improvements feel free. Also feel free to fork or copy it and create a new theme, its Apache licensed.

I will likely be frequently updating this in the near future, so any feedback or issue reporting is appreciated.


Configuration Options
----------------------

You can use the following configuration options, all optional:

```
# Link display
LINKS: Blogroll links (will be omitted if empty).
SOCIAL: List of social network to urls to your social networks profile (i.e. ('Twitter', 'http://twitter.com/<username>'), ('Github', 'http://github.com/<username>'), ... ) -- they will be given icons and colorized if supported)
DISPLAY_PAGES_ON_MENU: Whether or not to show pages in the title nav bar

# Social Networking Options
DISQUS_SITENAME: For disqus comments at the bottom of each post
TWITTER_USERNAME: For tweeting comments at the bottom of each post.

# Tracking
GOOGLE_ANALYTICS: Account code (starts with UA-)

# Search
GOOGLE_SITE_SEARCH_URL: URL of the site you want to enable google search bar for on the left sidebar. This both enables and sets the url for google searches. (i.e. http://github.com to search all of github, you may want to set this to SITEURL if SITEURL is set)
```

Social Icons
-------------

Currently only the social networking services shown in the screenshot are "colorized". If you need any others, please update timberland-icons.css and send a pull request.

Pelican Shovel
--------------

Like this theme? Also consider taking a look at my other pelican project, [pelican-shovel][dandesousa/pelican-shovel]. It helps you manage your pelican blog!

[dandesousa/pelican-shovel]: http://github.com/dandesousa/pelican-shovel
[screenshot]: https://github.com/dandesousa/pelican-timberland/blob/master/screenshot.png
